I am currently retired from the military which means I have completed
these twenty good years and am eligible to retire. In my case, I did
four years active duty in the Marine Corps and I've done about twenty
good years in the reserves that means years where I went to drill
once a month for an entire weekend and then did two weeks every year
for training. More specialized training. I wound up putting a lot
more time than that, but that was required for me to get some retirement
status. So I am currently retired military, which means the President
could call me back active duty if he ever wanted to. I am of
an age where that might be pretty unlikely but I would have to say during
World War Two people my age and physical fitness, I'd like to
say I I'm pretty fit I can walk two miles I get around pretty well,
I could be recalled active duty probably would be sent to the front
line to do shooting but might be given a job instructing at the Roxy
thing of that nature.